# Disclaimer : Here we are using free version of snowflake i.e a 30 day trial. So here we are supposed to create everything from table,pipelines etc after every 30 days
# Automation-Using-Python-Snowflake-PowerBI
The goal of this project is to reduce the load by automating entire process of KPI creation with help of AWS S3 Snowflake , Python , PowerBI. So the tech stcks used were 
### AWS S3: 
AWS S3 was used as a store house form where data was retreived. This can be thought as a place wherer client would update his data used for KPI creation based on daily/weekly/Monthly etc. window. This S# bucket is then connected to Snowflake where this data sent and further processed.
### Snowflake:
Snowflake is a cloud data platform which is used here for extracting data from AWS S3 bucket. The data is first stage by creating stage . After this , the stages a connected with pipelines to get the data from stage into our table. So the entire process is like AWS S3 Data -------> Snowflake stage(specific to table) --------> Pipeline ---------> Table. So the data flows in this manner. The data once collected here is then used for performing EDA using Python. During this EDA , more tables are created that will be utilised for KPI creation. After the EDA , THE DATA IS again pushed into snowflake . This data is the used to create final table which will be created using stored procedure and this procedure will be called by creating task. Now we can schedule this task according to our need. So when this task is called , it in turn calls procedure of table creation which will create procedure. Now this entire process of call task and be scheduled to specifc time stamp using CronTab.
### Python:
Python is used to extract data form snowflake for performing EDA and creation of table that will futher be used. We connect python to snowflake using Snowflake connector. After eda is performed this data is again sent back to snowflake. This process can be automated using Jupyter lab Job scheduler where we schedule to run this entire script at a specfic designed time for smooth functioning.
